\input texinfo
@documentencoding UTF-8

@ifnottex
@paragraphindent 0
@end ifnottex
@node Top
@top Top

@menu
* Tabbar Ruler::
@end menu

@node Tabbar Ruler
@chapter Tabbar Ruler
Matthew L. Fidler ## Library Information @emph{tabbar-ruler.el} --- Setup tabbar to look pretty...

@itemize
@item
@strong{Filename} -- tabbar-ruler.el
@item
@strong{Description} -- Changes tabbar setup to be similar to Aquaemacs.
@item
@strong{Author} -- Matthew Fidler@comma{} Nathaniel Cunningham
@item
@strong{Maintainer} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Created} -- Mon Oct 18 17:06:07 2010 (-0500)
@item
@strong{Version} -- 0.7
@item
@strong{Last-Updated} -- Thu Mar 1 09:02:56 2012 (-0600)
@item
@strong{By} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Update #} -- 659
@item
@strong{URL} -- http:__github.com_mlf176f2_tabbar-ruler.el
@item
@strong{Keywords} -- Tabbar@comma{} Ruler Mode@comma{} Menu@comma{} Tool Bar.
@item
@strong{Compatibility} -- Windows Emacs 23.x
@item
@strong{Package-Requires} -- ((tabbar "2.0.1"))
@end itemize

@menu
* Introduction::
* Known issues::
@end menu

@node Introduction
@section Introduction
Tabbar ruler is an emacs package that allows both the tabbar and the ruler to be used together. In addition it allows auto-hiding of the menu-bar and tool-bar.

Tabbar appearance based on reverse engineering Aquaemacs code and changing to my preferences@comma{} and Emacs Wiki.

Tabbar/Ruler integration is new. Tabbar should be active on mouse move. Ruler should be active on self-insert commands.

Also allows auto-hiding of toolbar and menu.

To use this@comma{} put the library in your load path and use

(setq tabbar-ruler-global-tabbar 't) ; If you want tabbar (setq tabbar-ruler-global-ruler 't) ; if you want a global ruler (setq tabbar-ruler-popup-menu 't) ; If you want a popup menu. (setq tabbar-ruler-popup-toolbar 't) ; If you want a popup toolbar

(require 'tabbar-ruler)

@node Known issues
@section Known issues
the left arrow is text instead of an image. ## History

@itemize
@item
@strong{07-Dec-2012} -- Now works with Helm. Should fix issue #1 (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{06-Dec-2012} -- Now colors are based on loaded theme (from minibar). Also added bug-fix for setting tabbar colors every time a frame opens. Also added a bug fix for right-clicking a frame that is not associated with a buffer. 1-Mar-2012 Matthew L. Fidler Last-Updated: Thu Mar 1 08:38:09 2012 (-0600) #656 (Matthew L. Fidler) Will not change tool-bar-mode in Mac. It causes some funny things to happen. 9-Feb-2012 Matthew L. Fidler Last-Updated: Thu Feb 9 19:18:21 2012 (-0600) #651 (Matthew L. Fidler) Will not change the menu bar in a Mac. Its always there. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{14-Jan-2012} -- Added more commands that trigger the ruler. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{14-Jan-2012} -- Added more ruler commands. It works a bit better now. Additionally I have changed the ep- to tabbar-ruler-. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{14-Jan-2012} -- Changed EmacsPortable to tabbar-ruler (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Feb-2011} -- Added ELPA tags. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Feb-2011} -- Removed xpm dependencies. Now no images are required@comma{} they are built by the library. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{04-Dec-2010} -- Added context menu. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Dec-2010} -- Added scratch buffers to list. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{04-Nov-2010} -- Made tabbar mode default. (us041375)
@item
@strong{02-Nov-2010} -- Make post-command-hook handle errors gracefully. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Oct-2010} -- Changed behavior when outside the window to assume the last known mouse position. This fixes the two problems below. (us041375)
@item
@strong{20-Oct-2010} -- As it turns out when the toolbar is hidden when the mouse is outside of the emacs window@comma{} it also hides when navigating the menu. Switching behavior back. (us041375)
@item
@strong{20-Oct-2010} -- Made popup menu and toolbar be hidden when mouse is oustide of emacs window. (us041375)
@item
@strong{20-Oct-2010} -- Changed to popup ruler-mode if tabbar and ruler are not displayed. (us041375)
@item
@strong{19-Oct-2010} -- Changed tabbar@comma{} menu@comma{} toolbar and ruler variables to be buffer or frame local. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@end itemize

@bye
